Applications visible to the job creator (DONE)
Login required (DONE)
Dashboard (DONE)
Deadline

{% load tz %}
{% if deadline|utc < now|utc %}

    Collaborate with team members to determine best practices and client requirements for software.
    Develop intuitive software that meets and exceeds the needs of the company.
    Professionally maintain all software and create updates regularly to address customer and company concerns.
    Analyze and test programs and products before formal launch.
    Troubleshoot coding problems quickly and efficiently to ensure a productive workplace.
    Ensure software security by developing programs to actively monitor the sharing of private information.
    Actively seek ways to improve business software processes and interactions.
    Aid and support the coaching and training of other team members to ensure all employees are confident in the use of software applications. 


    Sage Solutions is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
As a leader in digital transformation, we are also a responsible company working to ensure that technology and innovation drive sustainable and social development. We have strengthened this commitment to our employees, clients, partners, communities & planet by leveraging three fundamental pillars: Diversity and Inclusion, Digital Inclusion, and Environmental Sustainability.


Nautics Technology is a global leader in next-generation digital services and consulting. We enable clients in 46 countries to navigate their digital transformation.
As a leader in digital transformation, we are also a responsible company working to ensure that technology and innovation drive sustainable and social development. We have strengthened this commitment to our employees, clients, partners, communities & planet by leveraging three fundamental pillars: Diversity and Inclusion, Digital Inclusion, and Environmental Sustainability.